Git Commands that i have to remember while i am uploading code to github. 
(1) git add .
This will add the specified file(s) into the Git repository, the staging area, where they are already being tracked by Git and now ready to be committed.

(2) git commit -m "the message you want to show in your git repository"
The message will add in your git repository with the message that you want to show.

(3) git push
Now this commands will add your code to the github repository whetever your code in any of the text editor like VS CODE , Sublime Text etc and now your code will successfully upload to your github repository.

(4) git pull
The git pull command first runs ‘git fetch’ which downloads the content from the specified remote repository and then immediately updates the local repo to match the content.

Q) What are the process of uploading any code files to github and what are commands?
Ans) These are the commands for uploading any code files to github and commands are as follows:-
git init 
We have to navigate to our project directory and type the command git init to initialize a Git repository for our local project folder. Git will create a hidden .git directory and use it for keeping its files organized in other subdirectories.

git add .
This will add the specified file(s) into the Git repository, the staging area, where they are already being tracked by Git and now ready to be committed.

git commit -m "first commit" | syntax is git commit -m "your message here"

git push origin master

Finally your project is uplaoded to github successfully.

To upload any files on github use these commands

1) git init
2) git remote add origin https://github.com/Nitin1604/JavaScript-Tutorials.git
    2.1) https://github.com/Nitin1604/JavaScript-Tutorials.git
         I have recently uploaded some files to github repositories with name as "JavaScript-Tutorials"
         and you can also add another files on github too using this link "https://github.com/Nitin1604/File name.git"
         File name : "It may be any name of the file that you may want to upload on github repositories"
3) git commit -m  "message that you want to show"
4) git add . 
5) git push
 
Finally all files are uploaded to github repositories
